Add web ml pipeline guide (#4)
rwalczyna/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/guides/machine-learning/pipeline.md

To input data from application:
1. Create a pipeline with `appsrc` node. We define properties of the input tensor in pipeline description, using a [GStreamer capsfilter](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/coreelements/capsfilter.html):
   ```javascript
   var pipelineDescription = 'appsrc name=srcx '
                             + '! other/tensor,dimension=(string)1:1:1:1,type=(string)int8 '
                             + '! fakesink';
   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription);
   ```

2. Get the `srcx` element from pipeline:
   ```javascript
   var src = pipeline.getSource('srcx');
   ```

3. Start the pipeline before providing input:
   ```javascript
   pipeline.start();
   ```

4. Input data to be processed by the pipeline. You can get `TensorsInfo` expected at input from the `Source` object:
   ```javascript
   var inputInfo = src.inputTensorsInfo;

   var inputData = inputInfo.getTensorsData();
   var rawInputData = inputData.getTensorRawData(0);
   inputData.setTensorRawData(0, [123]);

   src.inputData(inputData);
   ```

Input data will be passed to the further stages of the pipeline.

## Read data from pipeline output

> You can read the tensors output by the pipeline with the application code by registering a callback, triggered by data coming into `appsink` or `tensor_sink`.

Author: Unfortunately, I am no expert in nnstreamer/gstreamer - I will add a line suggesting users to read the documentation in gst-inspect-1.0.

                             '! videoconvert ' +
                             '! videoscale ' +
                             '! video/x-raw,format=RGBx,width=16,height=16,framerate=10/1 ' +
                             '! tensor_converter ' +
                             '! tensor_sink name=sinkx';
   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription);
   ```

2. Register a listener triggered by data incoming to `sinkx`:
   ```javascript
   function sinkListener(sinkName, data) {
      console.log('SinkListener for ' + sinkName + ' sink called. Data dimensions: ' +
              data.tensorsInfo.getDimensions(0));

      // Read and process data according to your needs
   }
   pipeline.registerSinkListener('sinkx', sinkListener);
   ```
After starting the pipeline, `sinkListener` will be called repeatedly.

## Change data flow within pipeline
You may want to set the the source of the data to one of several pipeline branches.
It can be done with `input-selector` node and `Switch` API.

We will use the pipeline from the figure below to show how to use `input-selector`, to choose between blue and green branch as the source for the white branch.

> ![Pipeline with branches and a switch](./media/pipeline_with_switch.svg)

Author: Ok 👍

Use `valve` element with `Valve` API to start and stop data flow in one of a pipeline branches.

To control data flow in a single pipeline branch:
1. Create and start a pipeline with a `valve` element:
   ```javascript
   var pipelineDescription = 'videotestsrc is-live=true ' +
                             '! videoconvert ' +
                             '! videoscale ' +
                             '! video/x-raw,format=RGBx,width=16,height=16,framerate=10/1 ' +
                             '! tensor_converter ' +
                             '! valve name=valve1 ' +
                             '! fakesink';

   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription);
   pipeline.start();
   ```

2. Get `Valve` element from the pipeline:
   ```javascript
   var valve = pipeline.getValve('valve1');
   ```

3. You can check if the valve is opened or closed:
   ```javascript
   console.log(valve.isOpen); // true
   ```

4. Set the desired valve state:
   ```javascript
   valve.setOpen(false); // stop the data flow
   ```

## Write custom data filters
The data flowing through the pipeline can be transformed in application, using  `CustomFilter` callbacks.

>    > [!NOTE]

Author: According to the style guide, we should use the "[!Note]" syntax: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1284#discussion_r505167050

When I was updating guides for Bluetooth, HQ reviewers requested to change the syntax to the one I used here: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1284#discussion_r505167050

I will leave it as it is.

## Create and dispose machine learning inference pipelines
NNStreamer is a plugin for [GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org), adding tensor data types and enabling use of machine learning inference models in pipelines.
You can use some of the standard GStreamer and NNStreamer elements (also called _nodes_ througout this guide) in your applications.

NNStreamer pipelines are created from string descriptions, for example:
```javascript
'appsrc ! other/tensor,dimension=(string)2:1:1:1,type=(string)int8,framerate=(fraction)0/1 ! tensor_filter framework=custom-easy model=my-custom-filter ! tensor_sink'
```
Exclamation marks `!` separate pipeline nodes.
You can learn how to define pipeline descriptions from [GStreamer documentation](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation).

To create a machine learning inference pipeline:

1. Describe it as a string:
   ```javascript
   var pipelineDescription = 'videotestsrc num-buffers=3 ' +
                             '! video/x-raw,width=20,height=15,format=BGRA ' +
                             '! tensor_converter ' +
                             '! fakesink';
   ```

> 2. Call `tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline()` method:

Author: I'll do it 👍

   ```javascript
   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription);
   ```

Now you can use `pipeline` object to manage the pipeline.

Machine learning pipelines can be expensive in terms of used system resources.
You can dispose pipelines to reclaim resources.

3. To dispose a pipeline, call its `dispose()` method:
  ```javascript
  pipeline.dispose();
  ```

Disposed pipelines enter `NULL` state.
They cannot be restarted and any attempt of calling any method of a disposed pipeline results in `NotFoundError` exception.

## Observe pipeline state and respond to its changes
Pipeline state reflects what the pipeline is doing right now and defines which methods can be called.
Check API reference (for [mobile](../../api/latest/device_api/mobile/tizen/ml_pipeline.html), [wearable](../../api/latest/device_api/wearable/tizen/ml_pipeline.html), and [tv](../../api/latest/device_api/tv/tizen/ml_pipeline.html) applications) to see how pipelines transition between different states.

> Pipeline API allows registering listeners triggered by pipeline state changes and polling current pipeline state.

Author: I am not sure, if I got it right, did you mean a change like this one:

```suggestion
Pipeline API allows to register listeners triggered by pipeline state changes and polling current pipeline state.
```

> Pipeline API allows registering listeners triggered by pipeline state changes and polling current pipeline state.

Reviewer: Yes, but you also need to change a form of second verb (polling -> to poll)

> Pipeline API allows registering listeners triggered by pipeline state changes and polling current pipeline state.

Author: Ok 👍

To register a state change listener:

1. Define a `PipelineStateChangeListener`, which will be called when pipeline changes its state:
   ```javascript
   function pipelineStateChangeListener(newState) {
     console.log('New pipeline state: ' + newState);
   }
   ```

2. Call `tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline()` method, with state change listener as an argument:
   ```javascript
   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription, pipelineStateChangeListener);
   ```
3. You can also check the current pipeline state, by reading the value of its `state` property.

> 

Author: I'll fix it in the update commit. I hope it'll be consistent then.

   ```javascript
   console.log(pipeline.state); // 'PLAYING'
   ```

## Run machine learning inference pipelines
Newly created pipeline transitions through `READY` to `PAUSED` state - you have to manually start it to set it in `PLAYING` state.

> To start data flow within a pipeline:

Author: I'll do it in the update commit.

> 1. Call its `start()` method:

Author: I'll do it in the update commit, only omitting "method".

                           (1): wall-time        - wall clock time
                           (2): running-time     - running time
  ...
   ```

We will use the information below to change the `pattern` of the test video signal source to `ball`:
   ```bash
  ...
  pattern             : Type of test pattern to generate
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Enum "GstVideoTestSrcPattern" Default: 0, "smpte"
                           (0): smpte            - SMPTE 100% color bars
                           (1): snow             - Random (television snow)
  ...

                           (18): ball             - Moving ball
  ...
   ```

To control node property with application code:
1. Create a pipeline. Remember about defining names for elements, which properties you want to get or set:
   ```javascript
   var pipelineDescription = 'videotestsrc name=srcx ! tizenwlsink';
   var pipeline = tizen.ml.pipeline.createPipeline(pipelineDescription);
   ```

2. Get the `NodeInfo` object associated with the node you want to control:
   ```javascript
   var videotestsrcNode = pipeline.getNodeInfo('srcx');
   ```

> 3. Now you can read the current value of `pattern` property. Use the property type defined in `gst-launch-1.0` output:

Author: My fault - I have meant `gst-inspect-1.0`. I'll fix it in the update commit.

   ```javascript
   var pattern = videotestsrcNode.getProperty('pattern', 'ENUM');
   console.log(videotestsrcNode.name + '\'s pattern: ' + pattern); // 'srcx's pattern: 0'
   ```

4. The current `pattern` is `0`, which translates to `frames` pattern, according to `gst-inspect-1.0` output. Change it to `ball` by setting property value to `18`:
   ```javascript
   videotestsrcNode.setProperty('pattern', 'ENUM', 18);
   ```

>    > [!Note] You can also set the `pattern` value in pipeline description:

Author: According to the style guide, we should use the "[!Note]" syntax: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1284#discussion_r505167050

When I was updating guides for Bluetooth, HQ reviewers requested to change the syntax to the one I used here: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1284#discussion_r505167050
